alright this is q bx 101 here and this
is what's left over from my fireworks
for 2009 I have several leftover mortars
and my 2 left over finale shells really
big my Super Stallion 16 shot cake that
is a really big they're about the size
of my finales each and my big guns
mortar tube this one is fiberglass and
laser bombs that for the round ones and
this one is all paper and 12 pack of
assorted wolf pack 8 ounce rockets and
here's to open ones they all do
different stuff this one is multi
colored stars and green color they're
really big or nice another 12 pack of
assorted rockets and then my massive
left us a flashlight rockets which are
about as big as my finale shells each
he's a really big stick on them really
thick too but I have three of those the
algae different stuff so that's my kind
of mini that they were powered fucking
next door to subscribe rate and comment
you